[bitnami/mysql] Add a warning on running older versions of MySQL (#25947)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/mysql/README.md

Bitnami will release a new chart updating its containers if a new version of the main container, significant changes, or critical vulnerabilities exist.

> ### Use a different MySQL 8.x version
> 
> To modify the application version used in this chart, specify a different version of the image using the `image.tag` parameter and/or a different repository using the `image.repository` parameter.
> 
> > **Warning**: This chart is tested with MySQL version 8.x. Older versions most likely won't work if you merely switch the tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use a different MySQL version

To modify the application version used in this chart, specify a different version of the image using the `image.tag` parameter and/or a different repository using the `image.repository` parameter.

> **Warning**: Each bitnami/mysql Helm chart is created using a specific MySQL version which is tested in our automated test & release pipeline. Substituting the version could cause degraded performance, broken chart features, or missing environment variables.  
```

I would opt for a more generic wording not only about 8.x

Author: @carrodher I think mentioning the specific version it is being tested on helps the user to realize it won't work on the version they are trying to use.
